The President:
I'm speaking to you today
from Manitowoc, Wisconsin,
where I'm at an innovative
company called Orion Energy Systems.
Just a few years ago, this
was an empty warehouse.
A major employer had
shut down this factory,
moved its operations abroad, and took
a lot of jobs away from this town.
Today, this is a thriving
enterprise once more.
You're looking at part of a
factory where 250 workers are
building advanced
clean energy systems --
state-of-the-art technologies
that use solar power and energy
efficiency to save farms and
businesses thousands of dollars
on their utility bills.
I'm here because this business
and others like it are showing
us the way forward.
And in the coming days, I'll
be shining a spotlight on
innovators across America who
are relying on new technologies
to create new jobs and
opportunities in new industries.
That's what companies
like Orion are doing.
And that's how America
will win the future --
by out-innovating,
out-educating,
and out-building
our competitors.
We'll win the future by being the
best place on Earth to do business.
That's what we're called
to do at this moment.
And in my state of the union, I
talked about how we get there.
It starts by making sure that
every single child can get a
good education and every
American can afford college or
career training.
Because that's what will help
light the spark in the minds of
innovators -- and ensure that
our people have the skills to
work for innovative companies.
We also need to make sure that
America can move goods and
information as fast as
any of our competitors,
whether on the road or online.
Because good infrastructure
helps our businesses sell their
products and services
faster and cheaper.
We have to reform our government
and cut wasteful spending,
so that we eliminate what we
don't need to pay for the
investments we need to grow, like
education and medical research.
As we can see here in Manitowoc,
we need to ensure that we're
promoting innovation --
especially in promising areas
like clean energy.
This is going to be key to
growing our economy and helping
businesses create jobs.
Orion, for example, was able
to open with the help of small
business loans and incentives
that are creating demand for
clean energy technologies like
wind power and solar panels.
That's why I've proposed a
bigger tax credit for the
research that companies do.
And to give these companies the
certainty of knowing there will
be a market for what they sell,
I've set this goal for America:
by 2035, 80% of electricity
should come from clean energy.
This is going to help spark innovation
at businesses across America.
This is going to spur new
products and technologies.
This is going to lead
to good, new jobs.
And that's how we
win the future --
by unleashing the talent and
ingenuity of American businesses
and American workers in every
corner of this country.
So to those who say that
America's best days are behind
them, let them come
here, to Manitowoc.
Let them come to this
once-shuttered factory that is
now bustling with workers building
new technologies for the world.
Let them come here to see the
incredible promise of our country.
This is the future.
And it is bright.
Thank you.